# Logistic-Regression-SVM-Understanding-Magzine-Subscription
<h2> Introduction</h2><br>
We will do a customer study based on the customer's activity on the website or app, how they spend their money on their lifestyle, and an examination of their education, family, and spending history. We will categorize the types of consumers who are likely to join up for a website's premium membership. We will be able to execute targeting-based marketing or advice to consumers who are likely to sign up for the premium membership plan after evaluating and categorizing the dataset. Furthermore, the organization should concentrate on all aspects of the company in order to get the best results and outcomes.We will first utilize feature engineering approaches to ensure that we have adequate and valid data for this problem, and then we will divide the data into training and testing phases for prediction. During the modeling phase, we will utilize the scikit-learn library's Logistic Regression and Support Vector Machines (SVM) algorithms.
<h2> Conclusion</h2><br>
The following approach should be considered by the magazine company to increase the subscription count:<br>
•	People are spending more money on goods like wine, meat, and groceries. The organization should spend on promotion and collaborate with stores that clients frequently visit. They should maintain a small portion of the personnel on hand to promote their publication and the benefits of signing up for a membership. This would result in a favorable effect since anytime consumers go to malls or stores to buy food or home items, they will see an advertisement or meet with a corporate representative. So, subconsciously, the magazine subscription will be in their mind, and it is likely that they will check it out and subscribe to the magazine.<br>
•	As Income was the most important feature in our case study, the company should categorize people based on their earnings. To begin increasing the number of subscriptions, they should concentrate on those who make a good amount of living since they are more likely to take the subscription. Following this procedure, the wider picture will be to reach out to all segments of society and conduct advertisements in such a way that those earning less money or who have families would also subscribe.

<h1>Next Steps:</h1>
Please click on the report to have complete access to the data analysis, feature engineering, and modeling results, as well as what inspired us to drive the case study's conclusions.
